# Cyclistic-Case-Study
Google Data Analytics Proessional Certificate Project

As a data analyst working in the marketing analyst team at Cyclistic, a bike-share company in Chicago. The director of marketing believes the company’s future success depends on maximizing the number of annual memberships. Therefore, my team wants to understand how casual riders and annual members use Cyclistic bikes differently. From these insights, my and I will design a new marketing strategy to convert casual riders into annual members.
 In order to do that, however, the marketing analyst team needs to better understand how annual members and casual riders differ, why casual riders would buy a membership. Analyzing the Cyclistic historical bike trip data will help us in identifying trends. But first, Cyclistic executives must approve your recommendations, so they must be backed up with compelling data insights and professional data visualizations.

The data used for this analysis was Cyclistic’s historical trip. All of the data [https://divvy-tripdata.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html]  used  was made available by Motivate International Inc. under this license[https://www.divvybikes.com/data-license-agreement]. (Note: The datasets has a different name because Cyclistic is a fictional company). Data-privacy issues prohibit me from using riders’ personally identifiable information. This means that I won’t be able to connect pass purchases to credit card numbers to determine if casual riders live in the Cyclistic service area or if they have purchased multiple single passes.
